TODO.md, before:

# TODO

## Periodic
- renv::snapshot() to update libraries
- document() to call roxygen documentation handlers

# Little questions
- How many teams have ever gotten a double-gold from the #1 seed?

# Bugs
- `event_insights("2025vagle", insight_as_col = T)`; `event_insights("2024paca")`
- `event_season_history("2024new")`; `event_season_history("2025mdsev")` (matches unplayed)
    - Why does this function vomit output to the console?

# Package Management
- Document & export statbotics reading fxns
- `testthat` validation of recently developed fxns

# OPR Stabilization
- Find OPR's stabilization point (whole stabilization function?)
    - https://youtu.be/xJYv7uxXMn0?t=5774
- "Precision" of OPR

# Regularization
- Should we regularize with ridge regression to stabilize OPR?
    - Also: elasticnet regression, optimizing over both lambda (the penalty value) and alpha (the mixing parameter)
    - Could we use a penalty term like lambda to stabilize OPR early, so you can use it effectively with less data?
- Could we compute the optimal lambda as a function of matches/team?
- Could we regularize, but instead of biasing towards 0 (like with Ridge) bias towards a good prior, like the average of their previous years' performances?
- How can we combine the optimzation results from multiple different events? (both for lambda and alpha)
- Quang & Ron's code for RAPM: https://ryurko.github.io/cmu_score_preprints/basketball/nba-rapm.html

# Data Science Projects
- "OPR Dropout"; adjustments to the design matrix based on scouted data
    - Dropout: subtract out teams that no-showed the match or played exactly 0 offense
- Typical week 1 winning scores as a percentage of theoretical max score; is there a consistent pattern?
    - Goal is to help provide more principled insight one day one of build season
- From Andy: "Is there, like, a typical saturation of teams that population centers hit before capping out or does it look different place to place?"
- How many matches are needed to get a good seeding? (https://www.chiefdelphi.com/t/how-many-matches-are-needed-to-get-good-seeding/462857)
- Principled model to predict district points cutoff

## Long term:
- Generic, automated data validation via `tba_validatoR`
- Team History tracker
    - Who have you played with the most? Played against the most?
    - Number of matches you've played together divided by the expected number?
- Statbotics tidyR, update tba_interfaceR to include the "tba_" prefix in each function name (maybe? That's a huge pain in the ass change.)
- Local EPA calculation
- Transition to frc-events api instead of using the tba API? 
- ftc-events api functions ("ftc_readR" series)
- Rebrand to something like "frc_scoutR"?

Commit message:

bugfix: data.table import for transpose, and null safety in event_insights

TODO.md, after:

# TODO

Reminder: a package should do one thing, and do it well. Strive to keep additions to scoutR disciplined, modular, and testable.

## Periodic
- renv::snapshot() to update libraries
- document() to call roxygen documentation handlers

# Bugs
- `event_season_history("2024new")`; `event_season_history("2025mdsev")` (matches unplayed)
    - Why does this function vomit output to the console?

# Package Management
- Document & export statbotics reading fxns
- `testthat` validation of recently developed fxns

# OPR Stabilization
- Find OPR's stabilization point (whole stabilization function?)
    - https://youtu.be/xJYv7uxXMn0?t=5774
- "Precision" of OPR

# Regularization
- Should we regularize with ridge regression to stabilize OPR?
    - Also: elasticnet regression, optimizing over both lambda (the penalty value) and alpha (the mixing parameter)
    - Could we use a penalty term like lambda to stabilize OPR early, so you can use it effectively with less data?
- Could we compute the optimal lambda as a function of matches/team?
- Could we regularize, but instead of biasing towards 0 (like with Ridge) bias towards a good prior, like the average of their previous years' performances?
- How can we combine the optimzation results from multiple different events? (both for lambda and alpha)
- Quang & Ron's code for RAPM: https://ryurko.github.io/cmu_score_preprints/basketball/nba-rapm.html

# Data Science Projects
- "OPR Dropout"; adjustments to the design matrix based on scouted data
    - Dropout: subtract out teams that no-showed the match or played exactly 0 offense
- Typical week 1 winning scores as a percentage of theoretical max score; is there a consistent pattern?
    - Goal is to help provide more principled insight one day one of build season
- From Andy: "Is there, like, a typical saturation of teams that population centers hit before capping out or does it look different place to place?"
- How many matches are needed to get a good seeding? (https://www.chiefdelphi.com/t/how-many-matches-are-needed-to-get-good-seeding/462857)
- Principled model to predict district points cutoff

## Long term:
- Generic, automated data validation via `tba_validatoR`
- Team History tracker
    - Who have you played with the most? Played against the most?
    - Number of matches you've played together divided by the expected number?
- Statbotics tidyR, update tba_interfaceR to include the "tba_" prefix in each function name (maybe? That's a huge pain in the ass change.)
- Local EPA calculation
- Transition to frc-events api instead of using the tba API? 
- ftc-events api functions ("ftc_readR" series)
- Rebrand to something like "frc_scoutR"?
